Implement a first basic pipeline string parser for the currently existing pipeline operators (#2877)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/features/2877--pipeline-string-parsing.md

> The `export` command now supports an optional pipeline string that allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `export` command now supports an optional pipeline string that allows for
```

chaining pipeline operators together and executing such a pipeline on the

> exported data. This feature is experimental and the implementation is subject
> to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exported data. This feature is experimental and the syntax is subject
to change without notice.
```
